Okay, so we're live streaming it right now. All right, we are live. So welcome to today's panel. My name is ankur liu. I'm a program manager at the Stellar Development Foundation, or SDF for short, SDF. Just quickly about: SDF is a non-profit organization founded in 2014 to support the development and growth of the open source Stellar network. And so, before we begin, a little context. So Stellar was founded in 2014, after bitcoin, before Ethereum, and handles millions of transactions each day submitted by businesses, banks, governments and developers all over the world to build innovative financial products and services. And Stellar uses an energy efficient syncing mechanism specifically designed for remittances and payments, so transactions are processed within seconds and cost way less than a penny. So what can you actually do with Stellar? So,
On Stellar, you can issue your own assets as tokens on the network- think stablecoins such as USDC, cryptocurrencies, real estates and NFTs- practically anything. Then you can also trade these tokens peer to peer through a built in decentralized exchange or automated mark maker functionality, and you can also transform currency as you send it, which is a powerful feature to streamline cross border payments. But let's get back to why you are all here today. We have launched a blockchain bootcamp in partnership with DFS Lab to support the boom of blockchain crypto activities across the African continent. This was in fall 2021 and each content- each company spent a week at our virtual bootcamp going through the design sprint process with the guidance of a mentor and also access to technical support from the Stellar development seller, developers, and at the end of the week, everyone came together for a virtual demo day, with select
Investors invited to join the audience we have like. In total, like nine companies were selected and went through the bootcamp, and we were definitely not disappointed with the results. They participated, they built a proof of concept, they demoed at the demo day and or each earned an award valued at either five or fifteen thousand dollars, depending on the depth of their solution. So I'm very excited for today because we have five of those nine companies joining me to discuss their growth and also some tips and tricks for future blockchain particip bootcamp participants. So, without further ado, I wanted to start some introductions, starting with open hi.
Thanks, ankit for introducing me and hello everyone. My name is ope and CEO and co-founder of bonafide I'm gonna find stemmed out of another product called money me and I would give most of that credit to the SDF bootcamp, and that we had nice to meet you, higgins, awesome. Well, that's great to hear- great. So next up is Ben from stacks. Hey everyone, I'm Ben, I'm the CEO of stacks, and stacks is a universal payment app for Africa where what we've done is given you one app where you can link all of your bank accounts and mobile wallets to a single interface where you can then transact without a data connection. That's really our big kind of unique selling point is that it works offline. And then what we're doing with Stellar is adding support for crypto, where we'll have a self, self custody multi token kind of strategy so think like metamask
But built for Africa alongside your fiat and integrated with your fiat accounts I'll stop there awesome thank you for introducing yourself then phone bank christian and michael hey everyone and I'm Chris duffis I'm the founder of phone bank and we offer a unique on ramp where we bridge the less than one percent of the world population within nearly 100 of the world population that have access to a mobile phone and we really enjoyed our experience at the dfs bootcamp and the Stellar product we think it has a great applicability to reducing friction as in our marketplace awesome well thank you for introducing hey everyone I'm super excited to be here I'm David Nander founder and CEO of honeycoin I
Always say I found it to honeycoin I it's sort of like if coinbase and patreon had a baby and that's maybe Africa so yeah we're standardized monetization platform for both creators and consumers and basically we exist to make the payments for goods and services to creators and the transfer value across ecosystems easy and frictionless thank you for introducing yourself and company cuidro Funto please introduce yourself sure thanks nk credo is an online platform factoring platform actually I should first of all introduce myself so olofontoboroffice co-founder of creature which is an online factory platform where transactions are streamlined and our smes on the African continents can get paid within 72 hours by selling their invoices to get fast cash at favorable rates and we had a great time at the bootcamp where we where we're seeing the use
Of Stellar for our seeing the use of Stellar for our product is the fact that we're looking for investors we're going to be looking for investors to invest in buying some of these invoices and we're going to be looking at using them for cross border payments as we sort of look at transforming currency and peer to peer so thank you for having me I'm excited to be here awesome yeah we're excited to have you as well last stop last but not least at DFS Lab Joseph yeah hi everyone Joseph from dearcuslav here so the fs lab is an early stage venture capital firm where we invest in digital commerce companies on the continents very early pre seed and seed stage and we also you know work with institutions like the Stellar foundation to kind of onboard companies to like play around with innovative technologies like Stellar yeah excited technologies like Stellar
Yeah excited to be here thank you yeah we're so excited to have you and to and thank you all to the participants for introducing yourself and your companies even like just rehearing what you're building on is just like it's really great to hear and I'm like also like the way you are growing and the way you are in really innovating in the space is magnificent so I guess I know all of that but the participants don't know yet so you know right now I'm going to start stop sharing my screen and I'm going to go into the discussion and for all these though you watching in the zoom there will also be you can also ask questions and I will see if there's some time to answer but without further ado let's head into the discussion so I will start with stacks with Ben can you quickly talk us through your solution that you've prototyped during the previous bootcamp yeah so in
The last bootcamp we came in really with just the question of how do we step our foot for or just get our toe into crypto we knew that we wanted to do something with USDC and what we ended up building in the bootcamp was a prototype of showing the ability to create a USDC wallet self custody wallet and to send money over USDC in stacks without using a mobile data connection and so what's kind of novel there is that we our core technology has this ability to automate USSD so just for our friends on the west who might not know what that is it's this legacy gsm channel it's ubiquitous across Africa and asia and it basically is using part of the voice channel to transmit data and so what we've done is we've used that technology in an app to make services work offline and even though you're actually having a synchronous connection with the server we've done that with over 100 bank and mobile money
Services today and 10 African markets but we wanted to start offering crypto services as well and give our users basically a us dollar account and so that's where Stellar and USDC came in and so what we demonstrated was just turning off so at the end of the bootcamp you turned off mobile data on your phone open stacks created a USDC wallet and sent USDC to another USDC address all with mobile data entirely disabled wow that's really impressive I think like this is one of the key like issues also like having being able to provide offline services is really key especially in regions where infrastructure is lacking so definitely so you know can you tell us a bit about you know your plans for launch and also a little bit so I saw that you've recently published that you've acquired 2 2 million dollars in seed funding which is amazing congratulations yeah honestly congratulations and
Like kind of like how has your company grown so like kind of what are your plans for launch and what is that what is what does growth look like already yeah so we're getting ready for a big push so come April that's when we plan to actually implement the proof of concept we built in the lab or in the bootcamp and so April we intend to push that live and really start marketing from may at least in Kenya and a few other markets we're still figuring out which markets to start with but from may you'll see that stax users pretty much anywhere on the continent will be able to create that USDC account and send money and receive money without data where we want this to go is really kind of like a metamask for Africa kind of built for Africa play and the idea there is self custody so you have your keys we don't touch any of that and then the goal is that you'll be able to buy sell you know swap hold all of your tokens you can take
Them from stacks if you want to any other web3 service because you've got your keys but the goal is that you can do that all in stacks right alongside your bank accounts and your multiple wallets and so then the big lift for us over time is going to be how we stitch those things together so that you can have a seamless kind of fiat crypto to fiat experience whatever token you have whatever fiat accounts you have so technically us launching that's going to be very quick from me but where the hard work is going to be in stitching everything together you know based on Stellar anchor here or hack there or whatever so that's really our plan great yes and then you know I think that's really exciting and then also like having acquired the 2 2 million dollars in seat funding do you want to give a few more details about that and how that came to be yeah shout out to nomis ventures to world within ventures launch Africa ventures orange down some others that participated it was really
Useful actually coming out of the bootcamp to just show that we were serious about our ambitions to get into crypto and that we had kind of we were able to get a kind of trust mark or a seal of approval from the community and so that actually really helped us raise money and actually got us in front of investors we hadn't spoken with before so if you've everyone here has been fundraising too often I'm sure but like when you're pitching traditional vcs that's one kind of segment or slice of the pie and then when you start pitching crypto that's a whole other big slice of pie that wasn't available so that's been super helpful to us awesome well congratulations and I think like another big player here that has like received has started quite a lot of seat funding is phone bank so Chris and michael I would love to bring you to the stage and kind of like wanting to hear a bit more like how what was that what the bootcamp what impact did that have and how have you seen phone bank
Growth since then so I might start out at that michael and I we actually met through this bootcamp he was our mentor and provided some very sage guidance for us and obviously it led to us being one of the finalists and I think in many respects has led us to dr drive hone our product market focus a lot more which catalyzed in a 3 5 million dollar seed finance thing among from leading crypto and venture investors so I thought the camp was really great for us and we actually in addition to the proceeds from the camp also received a another Stellar grant as we planned to incorporate the protocol
Into some programs that we'll be launching as soon as next week I'm very excited for that yes I heard about it the marketing grant from SDF that's a yeah that's great news I'm very excited that you know we were able to support in that way and you know kind of like going back to what you said about like michael and kind of coming on boards and so michael you were a facilitator of the team of phone bank team right because like okay so to backtrack a real quick so every team in the bootcamp has a specific facilitator assigned and in this case michael was the facilitator of phone bank so michael what was that like first being a facilitator of the team in the bootcamp and now co-founder and head of growth Africa of stone bank yeah thank you very much I was actually seated at the same spot I'm sitting now and
Chris and I met and I guess it was a bit over in hindsight it was a bit of a surprise but also a lesson for me on the role of such ecosystem building programs like the bootcamp it's really I think a lot of us maybe might have might think about it in terms of coming to raise funding or accelerating some of the products that we are working on but for me I mean the opportunity I got was matchmaking or finding other ways to benefit from this network and Discord of great companies and great founders so I think that would be my that was the biggest lesson that I took away from the benefit of such programs and the kind of value you can derive from these programs beyond just the old fashioned tried and tested funding it can also be a place where you could meet potential partners it could be a place where
You could be a place where you could meet co founders like myself you know so who knows so just look at it as a as a as a ball of value that you can exploit depending on whatever needs you have yeah it's amazing I love that like matchmaking that you really bring that up it's like a book campus a matchmaking event I mean I think like it has actually like it's like when we first started I had like you know like for me also like going in like okay like we are doing this and then coming out it's like all of these connections that you really build and I was also like oh it's going to be like a virtual event I'm not quite sure what that's going to be like but the connection that we made and kind of the lasting relationship have also like on me like really helped and kind of like last question for either of you to answer because like last in a prep session we also like talked
A bit about kind of like your business model what is the what business model what is the business model that I have allowed for like such growth in the company so we are at its core an exchange where we match individuals and businesses that might trade in prepaid air time with individuals seeking digital money and I think that's sort of the inflection point that's taken off in our business where you know people are trying to go from the fiat world into crypto web 3 and all and even traditional finance but in a the lowest friction sort of a path and I think exploring and you know and partnering with Stellar I think is a great way to reduce remove that friction in that process and I think you know
I mentioned that a I think you know I mentioned that a couple times because that's something that that's key to sort of user better user experience and act actually in my journey through sort of product discovery in this Stellar ecosystem I was very pleasantly surprised as to the progress of many of the developments whether it's the AMM and the other various Stellar products and I think in large part because it is a you know a low cost eco you know environmentally friendly ecosystem I think it touches all the major items and it's there's been significant improvement and so we're excited to be partners I thought that was all muted awesome well that's great to hear like we are also excited to be in connection with all of you and SDF is really here to support those who are building on Stellar sellers open source by the way anyone can choose to build
On a network but we can choose to build on a network but we as a non-profit really try to see how we can support people that are building real world solutions on the network so you know I'm very it's very great to hear this as well and then kind of I wanted to go into bonafide so a few questions for ope actually what was your experience with the bootcamp and thank you and kay so like I mentioned earlier when we came up into the bootcamp we had a different product right that was a digital bank for migrants and we had already started experiencing some challenges in terms of well the product was a great product did they really communicate or fulfill our mission which is basically to like democratize opportunities in general right and the bootcamp helped us to really walk through a design thinking process to actually answer some of
These questions and come up with something that's really simple basic and works and for everyone now the result of that is bonafide that digital wallet that lets any anyone save send and receive in digital dollars and these is available to all africans or one billion africans who are currently you know not connected to the global world of commerce or trade and that's massive by itself and also something we're very excited about that happened within the bootcamp was being able to kind of fashion out this no lost price that allows people to actually kind of win big amounts of money right without risk of losing any money I mean that that's like super fantastic and then that's something that's new that will bring it to the
Continent on that so the bootcamp really helped us pull all of that together and come up with this simple product we're still pre launched we've already been transacting millions of dollars based on what we've on a monthly basis the 2 million last time last month based on what we've done so far and soon we'll be going out big time into the market yeah oh wow that's a that that's a lot congratulations on that type of volume already before or before launching that's amazing yeah because I remember like we were like trying to figure out the use case and obviously like you know there are some like restrictions we can do and I kind of like work out a way that really like is a great business model so yeah I'm very excited about that and being able to use blockchain use Stellar to allow such features is just something you cannot do with any other technology really so you know a little bit back checking back so you have
Been part of like money me right and money me has been in the Stellar ecosystem for quite some time can you explain a little bit about what moneyb is and did the bootcamp kind of experience change anything towards your engagement with Stellar yes so money me like I mentioned earlier or the digital bank focused on migrants right and we built that product within very strict context of U.S. Regulatory infrastructure so you know a couple of things you know controlled by the banks as agents of the banks U.S. Persons only not fully democratized and you know we were trying to kind of do something that was a bit more democratized and that was what bonafide was so how did this Stellar ecosystem up there beyond you know just the bootcamp in itself I think the relationships we got very good referrals to other classes ecosystem that we could work with right
The that we could work with right the folks that we had the folks at wire those were all you know relationships that were broken by the Stellar Stellar organization so that was really helpful too great yeah I know that that's really great to know and it's also like being able to grow in the relationship develop and I think like that's also something I want to point out to future like or like to current seller company ecosystem companies build on Stellar it's like you can always like develop a relationship even through this bootcamp but also through other avenues and we definitely encourage that so thank you so much opa that was a really great outline I will come back to that later I wanted to hear about like funta I wanted to hear from you of kwedru and so creatoru was in a kind of
Like an early development stage when you applied to the bootcamp what made you decide to apply thank you okay I think for us one of the reasons why we decided to apply for the bootcamp was because we were really like you mentioned really early stage we wanted to sort of prove or sort of use the bootcamp to sort of make sure that we were going down the right path and you know the bootcamp definitely exceeded our expectation in making sure I mean we mentioned the design sprint being able to make sure that you know the idea that we had was something that was not only legitimate but that would work and I think some of the other things that came out of the bootcamp was also you know just this additional idea of you know being able to get investors because the way equity works you know it's an essay SMS vendors and then investors and you know now with the bootcamp helped us to sort of highlight or crystallize the fact that we can
Then really go cross border payment and you know tap you know no matter how small investments from investors from across the world right and so that was one of the things that came out of the bootcamp and we're so excited that not only did we finish the bootcamp we got five thousand dollars which we're excited about but then we were able to transition into the development community and we were able to get additional funding that has allowed us now to hire for additional engineers and we have some funding for marketing so we're super excited and even though we're still pre launched I think of the next maybe a few months what everybody's gonna be hearing about creatures so excited super excited yeah oh I'm excited to hear that also about the scf and I'm coming back to that in a later question but quickly like kind of like about the bootcamp experience because you did mention you know because we had I believe like companies in the booth came from very different levels of development and
Yeah I kind of wanted to if and wanted to kind of go through what your experience was and what you liked about it and kind of like what impact that had on your business in a bit more detail sure so I'll be the first to say that I'm a female non tech founder and so even coming into the bootcamp there was a bit of trepidation because I was like oh my god what am I getting myself into but I will say that you know not only was I able to keep up with the design sprint and with everything that was going on I think there was just a sense of at least for me there was a sense of okay you know the people who are you know there's a big network out there that are willing to support I mean you just even you Anki I mean just the encouragement along the way our mentor was Joseph benson I don't know I mean just the encouragement to the team I mean we'll just you know
I think there are no words to describe and I think also just give us another level of legitimacy in terms of what we were trying to do so for me I think like I said it was just the network to see that there are other people I'm trying to do the same thing but to know that there's a network of people who are like sort of cheering us on and who want us to really succeed is just was just phenomenal yeah well I'm super happy to hear that yes I'm 100 behind all of you and definitely I'm super excited that you're able to grow on it you're also wanting to continue your journey with Stellar so thank you so much fonto and also like big claps to all women founders here like it's women history month this March so big class honestly like I'm super excited to have you know each of you but also you know in particular because it's women history month on board big claps all women founders and I you know like so I guess going a bit into that it's a little surprised question but did that change anything
Being a women founder like what would you kind of like say also to encourage other women founders in the space and especially in blockchain as well to get started so I would say do it afraid but do it you know because you're not ever going to I don't think you're going to ever get 100 comfortable so just you just need to do it and even if you don't I mean one of the things that I think okay mentioned that the bootcamp helped him to do was sort of pivot a bit I think you know this was a space to be able to after you you're done with the design screen you start to sort of question okay will this work won't this work and it the bootcamp was a safe space to sort of explore those ideas so especially for female founders again I can't say it enough we don't get as much support I would like to see but this is a really safe space this is a place where you get a lot of support
So place where you get a lot of support so I just really want to encourage a lot of female founders who are maybe on the fence to make sure that they apply and they will get the best of support that I can attest to personally so yeah thank you so much for mentioning that yeah I think like we cannot stress enough it's like if you are you know like new to blockchain or you're kind of like on the fence like I think like it's very important just to apply just to get started just to get in there and who knows what will happen there's a lot of excitement in the space a lot of opportunity and yeah so I'm super excited so before we kind of go into also recommendations I wanted to highlight a very special project as well that I mentored I'm very excited about I'm excited about all of you by the way just but honeycomb in particular I was meant I was a facilitator and I was part of the bootcamp process so very excited dave and Dominic please what was that what was participating in the
bootcamp like yeah participating in the boot comforts it was grueling I like to tell David that on the third day of the boot company he was directed because I remember he didn't sleep one day on the night before them a day but it was so much fun we were truly stretched but we were able to like lay the ground up for something that we pretty much worked on for months afterwards and we're really grateful because of the bootcamp it allowed us to explore how we went in would come to the question of how do we help our creators and their funds be able to like you know send receive crypto and we walked out of the bootcamp wanting to build a whole NFT marketplace and we've been able to do that at least we've done a proof of concept for it we wanted them in the bootcamp we were able to like implement a fast checkout flow
For our creators being able to like receive XLM and like I mean in a way that would be pretty easy for non crypto natives to be able to support their creators and that was so much fun and I mean it really stretched us and we went ahead immediately after to just keep on building on that and I mean it's been really good since yeah and just to add I think one of the best things about the boots camp is it forced us to have a sense of urgency I think everyone in this panel can vouch for that there's a certain lethargicness or latency that comes in your kind of startup whether you know you have your roadmap on notion and you queue it up for three months down the line it feels like it never comes you always work yes with some urgency but it's never really like oh this is next week that we need to do you know a specific thing and that sort of like would have put us
And that sort of like would have put us in the frame of mind of thinking if I literally had a week to map out a sprint and get to a point where we actually have an mvp or something that we need to ship out what life looked like and I think it's something that also helped you know to instill that culture in the company itself like you know as we expand the team and you know just carrying that three day sprint culture you know holistically across everything that we do and the growth attraction has been you know enormous up until this point like we've gone from you know free bootcamp we're doing maybe a thousand dollars a day on the high side now we're processing up like up to a hundred thousand dollars in a single day and that's exciting to us yeah and the validation that we're able to accomplish in the bootcamp and you know carrying that forward you know building a end to end platform we launched our escrange in one of the first platforms to launch a fractional NFT protocol that we also brought over to
Stellar which is super exciting you to so just so much that came out of it and also just being a part of the Stellar ecosystem and which is you know constantly growing and super supportive on every front especially SDF and having you as a mentor was pretty great to anyone watching this I'm biased and I was if you guys jumping in Anki should be your mentor well that's great to hear but I think like we had great mentors on board too right and I think everyone here like feel free to also chip in and kind of like tell how grueling of an ex well grueling but good of an experience it was to have this like busy packed three day bootcamp but actually having clear results at the anti demo day and that and it's like having that like working with facilitator very closely yeah I would love to hear if
Anyone you know wants to chip in on what David and Dominic just said who else had a grueling experience I believe was it phone bank I believe Chris and you jumped in from the U.S. Yeah so I was in the U.S. So I it was a very long week getting up at early east African time to participate and just to demonstrate the committedness of the program I think someone called me and woke me up the first morning to make sure that I was showed up on time but I'm actually forever grateful for that because then we were able to be fully engaged and that just showed the level of you know the sincerity of the engagement for the program so but maybe get some sleep the night before and plan to go to
Bed early if you're and plan to go to bed early if you're going to join from other parts of the world yeah and just to add in I think we still have that problem with Chris now because he's on dc time I usually have to have my working hours go all the way up to 7 00 p m in East Africa time yeah but just to add to David's point around grilling I think it's also about the kind of vibe you get with your mentor facilitator because even at phone bank I felt with Chris was a really mature founder I think he is mentioned it exited a couple of companies so when I met him I really felt I had an easy time working with him we really built up a great relationship together so it doesn't have to be all grueling I think it's also about finding like the right cadence with your mentor and the founder you're assigned to yeah and my and michael was pretty great to work with and I
Think great to work with and I think that looking at some of the other relationships while I don't know if others joined their the companies like michael but I do think they spent some time in providing the matching and I think all the mentors are very thoughtful in terms of how they helped guide us through the process yeah that's great to know I'm very excited about you know what happened I was also like quite surprised by the level of engagement that facilitators were like that facilitators had and I was also like oh wow these days especially the first two days like we were like in the zoo and well I guess like was on Discord or something we were like in Discord we were on let me see like we had the slides we had the sigma you know and also like to the folks watching like obviously like in person and hopefully we can do some in person bootcamps sometimes and
I can all meet you in person what was kind of like what surprised you about this like virtual model and like what was your experience with that format and it's an open question and then I'll start to get into some more specific questions again okay did you have any oh yeah Ben feel free to yeah go in yeah just the follow through is what surprised me the most so even this event for example is another convening of you know all the participants and we've had various conversations since anka I know you've reached out multiple times and so I've been a part of different bootcamps over the years I actually even worked at DFS Lab for a time for a couple years and I think the follow through from Stellar and DFS Lab has been really fantastic and it's clear that this wasn't just a transaction you know like let's do an event let's get some press around it there's actually real relationships formed and invested in and as a participant
It's clear to me that that's the intent of the organizers and so I really appreciate that and I do feel like there's kind of an emerging community here I don't feel like an outsider to the ecosystem so just kudos to you all the organizers for the follow through there and really investing in that relationship yeah and kudos to you for also like continuing your relationship on Stellar it is definitely so not without its challenges right because like it you know this space is a new space right it's a growing space as like I think someone mentioned earlier like we have constantly new technology coming out and people will adapt to that and implement it and grow in the network it's a it's a we are growing and there's growing pains coming with this not only from technology but also from you know the regulatory standpoints to you know users experience and kind of like work we're at the forefront of innovation
So I kind of wanted to hear a bit more about opa's experience in this like well because like obviously you know we've talked a lot about how everyone's had a great time how everyone has grown so much but now I also kind of like very important want to highlight some of the challenges and so opel like what are some of the challenges in getting a bonus what were some of the challenges and getting bonafide to where it is right now thank you okay and I love the fact that you you're trying to kind of point out the good and the bad thankfully there was no ugly so I think one of the biggest challenges especially for folks who are developing you know blockchain or whether it's cryptocurrency specifically is navigating the regulatory space number one it's not really clear if you're following the news if you're looking at what other people are doing you tend to think that makes it
Writing but might not necessarily be the writing and also in terms of in innovation some countries like a bit should I say open around you know what's happening cryptocurrency I'm innovation some are kind of really closed and loves you know available companies but it's you as the right domicile what does that look like for your partners do they like you do they love it would they want to be a delaware company but you know a crypto license in some way or some money transfer license is none of the country you know do you need one license in the U.S. That allows you to be much out of record but unless it's really operating in the U.S. There's a lot of things that we have to kind of figure out the ad way and I mean while this is the evolving one of the things I kind of said
After the things I kind of said after the other bootcamp and I just want to repeat it yeah I'm for everybody's benefit for prosperity prosperity's sake is that it'll be helpful if a foundation like Stellar or a consulting foundations you know publish information out there not necessarily legal information you should have to consult your own lawyer about what old what works and as far as we know it I mean they create the world on regulatory on a country by country basis what are the basic things you know you need to have me by that play point of view so we have to do x you know to be a so we have to do x you know to be a pilot for example to move money for example or to just play our web tree those things would really help to foster innovation because the reality is folks are confused nobody wants to go to jail for trying to change the world right and we all want to do good and we need all the help we can get yes no I totally agree on that front it's it can be difficult navigating especially
Like and not only in all types of countries every country right now every government is figuring out what do regulations look like around this new paradigm of internet applications and I think like as a foundation we definitely are on the forefront of policy but there's always room for improvement so definitely I think yeah these are all great recommendations and we should look into that for and like as we grow as a team and I think like it's not only on the foundations and I think it's as a community as a whole being part of it like getting each other in the know and sharing like what's going on I think it's really important so we can all grow as a community anyone that wants to add to that because I think it's a very important interesting aspect and also like not only challenges with like regulatory but also like others so I would love to before we kind of go into recommendations for book and participants I would love to like kind of
Like reflect on what happened hi nk I just wanted to say I think danielle had his hand up danielle is one of my co founders from quidro but I also just wanted to sort of echo exactly what okay was saying but I think one of the things that we're bumping into as we're building is this whole regulatory ecosystem especially in the us and you know I'm too cute to go to jail so I'm like I need to figure out where exactly what exactly is going on and you know I found myself going down this whole of reading about fincen and you know just a lot of information so I'm going to be hitting up me afterwards to say okay dude please what did you do and just you know maybe clear the way but I know that danielle also wanted to mention a few things as well from his experience so Daniel if you're there please go ahead thank you so hi Anki hi everyone I just wanted to I think it was a question I was asked earlier I risked mine I think somebody else also mentioned something I just wanted to say that these are my experience I
Think all the major thing I experience I from the bootcamp was the personalized mentorship I think mr joe really did a good work because I'm sure some of us be the engagements and sometimes I feel like drifting off like okay let me just be in the meeting and not be in the meeting or being the whole thing and not being it you know but mr joe will not even give you the opportunity he's always engaging and whatever and at the end of the day you realize that yes it was really worth it and I really was not surprised at the fact that I get I guess everyone who participated actually came out with something and that was because of the all personalized thing in my opinion everybody was carried along no matter what you are building you all everybody got something out of it and it really helped and I'm sure everybody's doing what they need to do at this point in time I just want to have that and say shout out to the scf team and the dsl lab thank you very much yeah I thank you so much to Daniel
Yeah I thank you so much to Daniel I didn't realize you had your hand up I guess like I'm in the wrong setting in zoom but definitely like thanks so much for speaking up I think you know I'm very happy that this personalized like feature really works and you know very relying here on DFS Lab for the design sprint you know bootcamp of course so Joseph do you want to add a few words to that yeah so I think that's one of the things that makes the bootcamps quite like special and engaging it's the fact that we have these mentors who are kind of really working with you to make sure that you are not like dropping off along the way and just basically you know trying to help you find clarity so we have like a bunch of so you know you can be a player who has already you know who has a ton of experience building products and has you know
Had money me or you can be Phonto who just like started working with engineers and he's still trying to figure it out and you know there's going to be someone who can help you and walk you through you know stuff you know during the bootcamp I think it's also very important that you know like everyone has spoken about like you know the involvement of the Stellar team right so you know if you wanted to understand like a business case right for what you're building it was pretty easy to talk to someone and say hey help me figure this out and if you're just ready to like delve into the code and you know the test nets was available that's like really stable enough for you to delve in so I think that you know that's like the whole package you get you know with the bootcamp generally yes definitely thank you for providing some more details around that and I think like important to note
Is that the bootcamp is not the end right so even like oh we you know we it is not it even like oh we you know we it is not it did feel like the end it definitely felt like oh after these days I'm going to take I actually took a long vacation off oh like man this was a lot and you know everyone else like I'm so excited happy that you know like we had such a good time together we really spent the energy but you know after bootcamp it is not the end it's like it's really the beginning of your journey on Stellar and I think like that you know like I think we had very quickly after a bit too quickly actually I think we had a round of the Stellar community fund which is an open application grant program to support Stellar based projects with funding but also it's really about that it's from the community so while SDF provides the funds in the scf which is an acronym for Stellar community fund the community actually allocates it so it's a way of building your relationship with community and then also growing so some
Of you went through the SDF I think like it was a bit early stage in like where and you know as we continue to grow with the communities there might be more opportunity there will be more opportunities we have current round open but one particular project that went through is cuidroo and kweduru I would love to hear your experience and kind of like talk a bit about your experience with the Stellar community fund and yeah explain that yeah you were a winner yeah so thank you so much okay so and I first of all again I have to say thank you because you definitely prodded us to make sure that we applied and I think there was still a bit of the fatigue from the bootcamp and we're like yeah we'll apply it but anchor really followed up and just said you guys need to get on top of this and which we did and I'm very grateful for that because that opportunity allowed us to get funding of I think was that five thousand dollars which has helped us to like
I mentioned earlier on hire like four engineers we're going to do a bit of a marketing blitz right now and some other cool things and honestly if we didn't get that funding from the community fund you know I would be running around like a chicken without his head looking for money right now and that has just given us enough time to sort of really build and build the way we want to build so I'm super excited I mean one of the things that you know we I mean you mentioned Discord earlier on right which is this interesting online platform where the developers and different three people chime in and one of the things that process allowed me to allow myself and Daniel to sort of really to do was to hone our product and be able to explain to anybody who didn't know anything about what we were trying to do right and we received a few questions where I was like huh and then you know someone would ask the question and just go in and I'll scramble back with you know I'll see yesterday I'll be like how do we this is yesterday I'll be like how do
We this is a value point what do we do how do we solve this problem so again it was teasing us a lot of you know issues questions that we needed to start thinking about and thinking about it you know really deeply so and the process wasn't difficult to be honest we just had to apply and just again make a case for what we needed the funds for and we didn't ask for too much money we just asked for really what we needed which I think is also very critical and we got it so again I'm super excited I can't say enough about this whole process you know I you know like I said I you know we're building and I'm so excited and you know when I talk to other founders that I know and you know I think after that experience everybody I mentioned were like please where do I sign up so I'm expecting that all the founders that I know are you know going to apply for this bootcamp because again it's giving us just that opportunity to be able to build in a way that we're not rushed to give us a bit more runway I would say and the process was not difficult and there was a lot of helpful people you know chiming in asking questions sort of prodding what we're trying to do
And yeah and we got the money so yay thank you scf yes you I'm very excited about that now I don't know if Daniel wants to see something but yeah so we're we've been in the trenches together and I will say that you know that funding has allowed us like I said to hire more engineers and I think we're 60 of the way so again like I said very soon we're going to have a product and it would not have been possible without again this funding this intervention and to just even know that we could always come back and the other thing I have to mention quickly to anybody who's watching is this is like non dilutive so it wasn't nobody asked for anything this was just okay we believe in your products will be leaving your idea here's money that good build and let's see what you have so again I can't even say enough of it I hope everybody who's listening signs up for the bootcamp so that
You can then be recommended for the scf I can't say it enough so thank you Anki yeah awesome yeah I mean thank you honestly like I think and for like weekend they also can't control their community so while I can always encourage you to sign up it's really for scf it's the community of both here so that's a really well the validation and for any anyone watching like it's a great experience but we are coming up on time very soon there is one question for honeycomb that I really wanted to dive into and then dive into like some quick recommendations before we kind of enter let's talk about some details about the bootcamp since we did start a little bit later so if you need to hop don't be shy but yeah so David and Dominic they delved into your project yet but actually your project doesn't only use Stellar it also uses multiple change and I would love to for you to give a bit of I would love to for you to give a bit of details about that and what does that multi chain future look like and how does Stellar really fit in yeah thanks for
Asking that thank you I'm super happy to join in there so yeah and you're absolutely right like for us you know we are strong believers in interoperability and in building bridges so that like there's better interaction across chains because there's also like you know some value props that may come from one chain that can be found that might not actually be found on another one and for us and on an infrastructure level what we've essentially built is like a cross train bridge for six different blockchains so that would include cello and polygon Ethereum Stellar bitcoin and flow as well oh and harmony and why that's important to us is we believe that in order to like you know create true utility like we want to actually build like a multi chain platform that allows folks to one benefit from the value props that a particular blockchain might provide but
Why Stellar is such a might provide but why Stellar is such a key component of that bridging is one the automated marketing making functionality on Stellar is a lot more affordable and allows for a lot more modifiability than other chains might also provide but you know tying in one the affordability of the blockchain two the fact that it's very programmable in comparison to like other blockchains as well allows us then to build frameworks and protocols on top of Stellar that we can then leverage in our cross chain bridges so that can be for swaps which already provide so like imagine swapping USDC from XLM to Ethereum or imagine escorting a transaction on polygon and receiving it on a different chain like Stellar for us Stellar as a blockchain provides the interoperability and programmable nature that allows us to then build like you know really cool products around the use cases that we're trying to power on top of multiple chains
Which is super exciting to us yeah I think this is a yeah thank you so much for bringing us up and for explaining that multi chain nature of honeycomb and I think that's also like where the future's headed right I think like we are kind of in the early days of the internet so to speak like in the 1980s 1990s like when you know like internet started to browse up you have all these different things and you know we're all growing as an ecosystem and to find like interoperability where needed to really because the end goal really is to provide support or answer the needs for your user audience right whichever way is best so I'm very excited for that and I'm also very excited that David and nominee to see your product really grow and also receive funding but we are definitely on time now and I just you know before we dive into kind of like a bit of the details of the boot of like a bit of
The details of the bootcamps and the discussion I wanted from each of from whoever wants to give their opinion a kind of like if you were all going all over again you would apply to the bootcamp like what would you recommend new bootcamp participants to for yeah to do or like for any advice you wanted to give I think I can chime in there first I would say just keep an open mind the thing that you think you might be entering that we're going to build might not be the actual thing that you'd end up building which is a very it's very good to be open minded if you stay rigid it might limit you from you know the very thing that you probably would you know be more better off building instead of the one that you had in your mind going into the boost yeah go ahead it's free for all now okay so I think my advice to
Other okay so I think my advice to other people who are coming in is to just have an open mind like I said earlier on the kind of value that you can get from the Stellar blockchain network which is more like it's a network not just a bootcamp so I think this is that kind of perspective on the value of this bootcamp I think something else just some general advice for founders out there I think my co-founder Chris mentioned that it's really important to have a product that that's relatable that's easy to onboard that really takes out and abstracts away the some of the complexities of the early internet like anchor said and I think for me the other component which is something that I found to from phone bank is solving problems in Africa right now you know and a lot in Africa right now you know
And a lot of those problems are how can we get more young people earning in the gig economy how can we likely leave them of some of their daily expenses whether it's air time or data or whatever else you know just whatever it is you can do to help these young people their pockets and they are not living I think it's really going to go a long way in addressing those problems and as someone who's running growth activities for phone bank it really makes it easy to sell the product I'm having the easiest time selling the product because I'm just telling people look this is something that could help you save up on your airtime and your data bills per month you know that's a very strong proposition so those two points for me I was going to say you know I would encourage everybody to just apply for the bootcamp you know don't you know
I mean yeah just apply because you know you know once you sort of get I think hump of application and you get accepted it sort of unfolds and unfolds itself where you know the amount of support both technical and just emotional and you know everything comes into play but also you know the opportunities that this wall sort of opens up like you said I think you know anybody who's in doubt as to whether this is a wave of the future or not needs to you really get with the program and so to be part of this sort of not necessarily wild west but I think that unfolding be part of that journey is very critical and again you're we're all part of a network now of people who are sort of trying to figure this out together so you're not by yourself you're not alone so again I'll just say please apply and opportunities will sort of you know one thing sort of builds up after the other
You do this and then another opportunity opens up you know through Anki's suggestion we applied for the berkeley accelerator program and you know hopefully we'll get into the program knock on wood but those are opportunities that we would never have ever thought about you know if again we didn't even apply for the you know the bootcamp so again please if you're listening just apply just start the application and don't leave it too late make sure you hit the deadline apply yeah I love that just apply and also you're not alone in the space like it's like there's like I think like because we're all here like we're all together at you know all struggling we're all like building on furthering innovation and it's not easy and so we're together as a community and also the Stellar community I'm very closely connected with and I think that's a really great place to get started as well and you know like thank you for your I just quickly wanted to because like one thing that's from ope and also like wanted to hear since like what opportunities and kind of like
In the investment advice like a like what are their what are the opportunities like and into getting investment in this space look like and like what is your advice for future bootcamp participants yeah I would quickly talk about that definitely webtree is very odds now and clearly companies that didn't stop in this space as long as there's a real job to be done for users there are investors that are willing to back you but the challenge with a lot of entrepreneurs is figuring out how to reach out to those investors how do you get coinbase how do you get you know Stellar on your captive I would say this is one of those ways you can start getting to some zombies inwards so yes I'm following from those words yeah please click on that body I'm your business on webtree apply for the next bootcamp amazing all right well I've kept you here long enough longer than you wanted to no but
You know thank you so much to each and every one of you like I am so excited and I honestly like I feel very proud of what we've accomplished and I'm very proud of all of your growth I take it personally it's like I've been part of this process and I feel like it's kind of like part of your growth so definitely you know are very excited and also you know like going into that we have another bootcamp coming up I am super excited and I would love Joseph if you wanted to I'm going to share my screen so we actually have some fancy slides coming up one second for Joseph to present and then we can start to end the bootcamp but not and this the discussion of beautiful growth among these companies so Joseph take it away yeah so you know it's like we've
Spent like the past like our floors talking about the boots camp and we're we have another one coming up it's a three day virtual bootcamp where we basically work with you know teams to go from you know your idea to a prototype in those three days and the idea is to basically help you like think fast and think through like some of the problems you face and then kind of come to like a very simple like you know solution that you can immediately like start playing around with you get to work with mentors you know whatever idea you have you you'll have a mentor to work with you have the exciting amazing team from SDF that everyone has been talking about so far to also guide you from anything you know from business cases to technical challenges and then even past like the
Boots camp you have all that support still you still have the community you there's going to be a demo day at the end of the boots camp where you present you know your prototype and we are you know awarding prizes with the SDF for the foundation from anywhere from you know five thousand to twenty thousand dollars a lot of excellent and so and there's of course like Funto has pointed out opportunity for follow up funding you know from a bunch of you know people including the Stellar the wider Stellar community itself so applications are ongoing now you should definitely apply you just go to the link as seen on this screen and apply we you know extended the application date again just so like more people can get the opportunity so applications close on the 27th so please do apply it's really it's like it's challenging in many ways but it's also
Like very rewarding I but it's also like very rewarding I can assure you and just like you know most of the panelists here said like it's really it's a really great opportunity yeah thanks you did awesome well thank you so much everyone for being here for sharing your stories for your experience and I really look forward to your growth as companies please keep me updated and stay in the Stellar community and the SDF because the SDF is also upcoming and definitely has a lot of opportunities this round and yeah I'm excited to hear from you and definitely to all of future bootcamp participating participants watching applications are open as Joseph mentioned and definitely apply so thank you so much again to everyone really grateful for your work and yeah let's stay
In touch